================
Invited Speakers
================

:date: 2015-02-20 12:16
:category: Invited speakers
:slug: speakers

.. contents::
    :depth: 1

`Regina Barzilay <http://people.csail.mit.edu/regina/>`_
========================================================

`Massachusetts Institute of Technology`

**Semantics of Language Grounding**

In this talk, I will address the problem of natural language grounding. We
assume access to natural language documents that specify the desired behavior of
a control application. Our goal is to generate a program that will perform the
task based on this description. The programs involve everything from changing
the privacy settings on your browser, playing computer games, performing complex
text processing tasks, to even solving math problems. Learning to perform tasks
like these is complicated because the space of possible programs is very large,
and the connections between the natural language and the resulting programs can
be complex and ambiguous.  I will present methods that utilize semantics of the
target domain to reduce natural language ambiguity.  On the most basic level,
executing the induced programs in the corresponding environment and observing
their effects can be used to verify the validity of the mapping from language to
programs.  We leverage this validation process as the main source of supervision
to guide learning in settings where standard supervised techniques are not
applicable. Beyond validation feedback, we demonstrate that using semantic
inference in the target domain (e.g., program equivalence) can further improve
the accuracy of natural language understanding.

`Ann Copestake <http://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/~aac10/>`_
==================================================

`University of Cambridge`

TBA

`Yoshua Bengio <http://www.iro.umontreal.ca/~bengioy/yoshua_en/index.html>`_
============================================================================

`Université de Montréal`

TBA